Sort GraalVM Public Demos and Improve Top-Level README (#131)
graalvm/graalvm-demos: README.md

# GraalVM Demos

> This repository contains demo applications and benchmarks written in Java, JavaScript, Python, R, Ruby, and other JVM languages like Kotlin and Scala.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains demo applications and benchmarks written in Java, JavaScript, Python, R, Ruby, and other JVM languages such as Kotlin and Scala.
```

> These applications are illustrating the diverse capabilities of [GraalVM](http://graalvm.org). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These applications illustrate the diverse capabilities of [GraalVM](http://graalvm.org). 
```

> The demos are sorted by a framework, by a programming language, or by a technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The demos are sorted by framework, by programming language, or by technology.
```

> Every folder contains demo sources and the instructions on how to run a particular demo are in its README.md.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each directory contains demo sources and the instructions on how to run a particular demo are in its _README.md_ file.
```

> To get started, clone or download this repository, enter the demo folder, and follow steps in the README.md.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, clone or download this repository, enter the demo directory, and follow steps in the _README.md_ file.
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="/native-list-dir/">native-list-dir</a><br><a href="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/native-list-dir.yml"><img alt="native-list-dir" src="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/native-list-dir.yml/badge.svg" /></a></td>
      <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how to compile a CLI application into a native executable. The second part demonstrates how to build a polyglot (Java and JS) native executable</td>
      <td align="left" width="25%">Native Image, JavaScript</td>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://www.graalvm.org/22.2/examples/native-image-examples/">Ahead-of-Time Compilation of Java and Polyglot Applications</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="/java-simple-stream-benchmark/">java-simple-stream-benchmark</a><br><a href="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/java-simple-stream-benchmark.yml"><img alt="java-simple-stream-benchmark" src="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/java-simple-stream-benchmark.yml/badge.svg" /></a></td>

>       <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how the Graal compiler can achieve better performance for highly abstracted programs like those using Streams, Lambdas</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how the Graal compiler can achieve better performance for highly abstracted programs such as those using Streams, Lambdas</td>
```

      <td align="left" width="25%">Graal compiler, C2</td>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://www.graalvm.org/dev/examples/java-simple-stream-benchmark/">Simple Java Stream Benchmark</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="/streams/">streams</a><br><a href="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/streams.yml"><img alt="streams" src="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/streams.yml/badge.svg" /></a></td>

>       <td align="left" width="25%">Demontrates how GraalVM efficiently optimizes the Java Streams API application and how to apply PGO</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how GraalVM efficiently optimizes the Java Streams API application and how to apply PGO</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="/fortune-demo/">fortune-demo</a><br><a href="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/fortune-demo.yml"><img alt="fortune-demo" src="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/fortune-demo.yml/badge.svg" /></a></td>
      <td align="left" width="25%">A fortune teller Unix program. Run it in JIT, build a native executable, or build a mostly-static native executable, using Gradle or Maven build tools</td>
      <td align="left" width="25%">Native Image, Native Build Tools</td>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://www.graalvm.org/dev/reference-manual/native-image/guides/use-graalvm-dashboard/">Use GraalVM Dashboard to Optimize the Size of a Native Executable</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="/multithreading-demo/">multithreading-demo</a><br><a href="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/streams.yml"><img alt="streams" src="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/streams.yml/badge.svg" /></a></td>

>       <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how to optimize a Java application that does synchronous and asynchronous threads execution</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how to optimize a Java application that executes synchronous and asynchronous threads</td>
```

      <td align="left" width="25%">Native Image, Native Build Tools Maven Plugin, GraalVM Dashboard</td>

>       <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://medium.com/graalvm/making-sense-of-native-image-contents-741a688dab4d">Making sense of Native Image contents</a></td>

Reviewer: Should this be "making sense of the contents of a native executable"?

Author: No,  this is the blog post title, let's not modify it.

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="/native-image-configure-examples/">native-image-configure-examples</a><br><a href="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/streams.yml"><img alt="streams" src="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/streams.yml/badge.svg" /></a></td>

>       <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how you can influence the classes initialization at the image build time</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how you can control the classes initialized at the excutable build time</td>
```

      <td align="left" width="25%">Native Image, Maven</td>

>       <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://medium.com/graalvm/understanding-class-initialization-in-graalvm-native-image-generation-d765b7e4d6ed">Understanding Class Initialization in GraalVM Native Image Generation</a></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://medium.com/graalvm/understanding-class-initialization-in-graalvm-native-image-generation-d765b7e4d6ed">Understanding Class Initialization in GraalVM Native Image</a></td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="/native-netty-plot/">native-netty-plot</a><br><a href="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/native-netty-plot.yml"><img alt="native-netty-plot" src="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/native-netty-plot.yml/badge.svg" /></a></td>
      <td align="left" width="25%">A web server application, using the Netty framework, to demonstrate the use of isolates with Native Image</td>
      <td align="left" width="25%">Native Image, Maven, Netty</td>

>       <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://medium.com/graalvm/instant-netty-startup-using-graalvm-native-image-generation-ed6f14ff7692">Instant Netty Startup using GraalVM Native Image Generation</a></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://medium.com/graalvm/instant-netty-startup-using-graalvm-native-image-generation-ed6f14ff7692">Instant Netty Startup using GraalVM Native Image</a></td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="/javagdbnative/">javagdbnative</a><br><a href="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/javagdbnative.yml"><img alt="javagdbnative" src="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/javagdbnative.yml/badge.svg" /></a></td>
      <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how to debug a Java application, built into a native executable in VS Code</td>
      <td align="left" width="25%">Native Image, Maven, GraalVM Tools for Java</td>

>       <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://medium.com/graalvm/native-image-debugging-in-vs-code-2d5dda1989c1">Native Image Debugging in VS Code</a></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://medium.com/graalvm/native-image-debugging-in-vs-code-2d5dda1989c1">Native Executable Debugging in VS Code</a></td>
```

      <td align="left" width="25%">Java on Truffle, Native Image, JShell</td>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://www.graalvm.org/dev/reference-manual/java-on-truffle/demos/#mixing-aot-and-jit-for-java">Mixing AOT and JIT for Java</a><br><a href="https://medium.com/graalvm/java-on-truffle-going-fully-metacircular-215531e3f840">Java on Truffle — Going Fully Metacircular</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Micronaut

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th align="left">Name</th>
      <th align="left">Description</th>
      <th align="left">Technologies</th>
      <th align="left">Reference</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="/micronaut-hello-rest-maven/">micronaut-hello-rest-maven</a><br><a href="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/micronaut-hello-rest-maven.yml"><img alt="micronaut-hello-rest-maven" src="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/micronaut-hello-rest-maven.yml/badge.svg" /></a></td>

>       <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how to build a native executable for a Micronaut REST</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how to build a native executable for a Micronaut REST application</td>
```

      <td align="left" width="25%">Native Image, Micronaut, Native Build Tools Maven Plugin</td>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-code-editor-samples/tree/main/java-samples/graalvmee-java-micronaut-hello-rest">Try in OCI Code Editor</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Spring Boot

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th align="left">Name</th>
      <th align="left">Description</th>
      <th align="left">Technologies</th>
      <th align="left">Reference</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="/spring-native-image/">spring-native-image</a><br><a href="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/spring-native-image.yml"><img alt="spring-native-image" src="https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos/actions/workflows/spring-native-image.yml/badge.svg" /></a></td>
      <td align="left" width="25%">Demonstrates how to turn a Spring Boot application into a native executable using Spring Native support</td>
      <td align="left" width="25%">Spring Boot, Spring Native, Native Image</td>

>       <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://luna.oracle.com/lab/fdfd090d-e52c-4481-a8de-dccecdca7d68/steps">GraalVM Native Image, Spring and Containerisation</a> <br> <a href="https://docs.oracle.com/en/graalvm/enterprise/22/docs/getting-started/oci/cloud-shell/">GraalVM Enterprise in OCI Cloud Shell</a></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left" width="25%"><a href="https://luna.oracle.com/lab/fdfd090d-e52c-4481-a8de-dccecdca7d68/steps">GraalVM Native Image, Spring and Containerization</a> <br> <a href="https://docs.oracle.com/en/graalvm/enterprise/22/docs/getting-started/oci/cloud-shell/">GraalVM Enterprise in OCI Cloud Shell</a></td>
```
